Since my Dad is a State Legislator, he has had a large amount of experience working with 
the the data on the Utah state government's web site. Over the years he has had to go 
through a large amount of frustration trying to go through lobbyist related data. As it 
is now, the data is formatted in a collection of simple spreadsheets. Being able to 
cross examine the data enough to find any meaningful patterns can easily take a person 
hour of searching. As a result, no one is able to say much about lobbyists with sound 
evidence. 

To solve this problem, my dad gave me the idea to I write a web page to display the data 
in a more understandable way. If I do it right, being able to find and make conclusions 
will be easy enough that anyone can afford to do it with minimal effort. How the website 
will work is that it will group all data in whatever meaningful chunks I can think of. 
Once everything is grouped up, people can easily look through those groups and finding 
patterns suddenly becomes incredibly easy.

The idea of the web-page was fairly simple, but actually making it proved to be 
challenging. Perhaps the biggest challenge I had was learning web development. Before 
the project, I had little to no experience with making websites. To make the website 
as good as what I wanted I had to learn five separate programming languages. Two of 
them were logic based languages which I had a lot of experience in. The other three 
though were focused on creating the user interface, something that was completely new 
to me. 

To learn those languages, the only tools I had was a web-development course on Udemy, 
Google, and a little help from my Dad. Fortunately, almost all of the program learning 
I have done over my life has been from me self-teaching myself. As such, learning how 
to do this kind of thing by myself was something I have had experience with.

The other challenge I had in making the web-site was learning how to get and organize 
huge amounts of data from a remote website, something I have never had experience with.

Despite, my challenges though I was able to make significant progress on the project. 
I do not know if the state government will use my web-page or not. Even if they do, I 
will certainly never know how much of an influence it will have. However, I do know it 
has the potential for having a significant effect and sometimes that is the best a 
developer can hope for.

When one considers how much time I had to put into learning the material, I am mostly 
finished with the project. I most likely can complete it within the next few weeks, or 
before semi-final judging.

By the time I finish the project, I would be able to show enough competency about 
web-development to qualify for a web-development job. I also hope to go on and 
continue to make and publish more project as or more meaningful than my legislative project.
