I believe that history is the greatest story ever told. Like other great stories, 
one can learn an immense amount about life and what to make of it. Unlike fictional 
stories though, one can directly see and understand the effects of historical 
movements. That then helps people to be able to control and handle those events.

To help other students see History in this way, I started a History club at my 
school. The initial problem I had with the club was my lack of teaching experience, 
especially since I started the club during my Sophomore year. However, I figured 
the best way I was going to get that experience was to practice. As such, I decided 
to start the club anyway. The first couple of lectures were poor, but I quickly 
improved and got good enough to be invited to guest teach some of my school's 
actual history classes. Whenever I did teach, I would always get a significant 
number of compliments from people I did not even know. 

Despite eventually getting good at teaching, membership in club was low. During 
my Sophomore year I could often only get about one to four people to show up. 
The next year membership was so low that I had to cancel the club entirely. 
During my senior year though, I could typically get three to five people to show 
up. It still was a fairly low number, but considering how my club was designed 
to get kids interested in a fairly unpopular subject and in a purely academic 
way, I honestly think it was successful. The kids who do show up consistently  
grow a significantly deeper appreciation for history. One student even became 
inspired enough to write a short historical fiction story about WWII in the 
pacific and make two presentations with over fifty slides each. Another student 
said he started to watch historical documentaries during his free time, 
something he never seriously thought about doing.

This opportunity has taught me an immense amount about leadership. For one, 
being able to organizing  a group and getting them to do anything was by 
itself a big accomplishment. Also, getting people, to become significantly 
more interested in a subject was a large step into being able to change 
people’s lives. Plus, studying the lives of the our greatest leaders 
has given me a wealth of examples to use for the rest of my life. It has 
helped me to more realize what really matters and how to get more of it. 