I have decided that my one goal is life is to create as many meaningful things as I can. 
In order to do this, I discovered that all meaningful things in life are made in two 
phases. The first is the idea phase where something is planned out. The second is the 
implementation phase where the idea is carried out. For a large part of my life I wanted 
to focus on the implementation phase so I can more quickly get the satisfaction of 
"actually doing something." If things were going slow though, then I simply could 
learn to work harder and therefore move faster. Eventually, I found that working harder 
made me ware out faster and I don't end up completing much more. I then I decided I 
would focus efforts into improving my idea phase. Soon, the productivity of  my life 
went up. However, I wanted more. I decided then that I would have to find some way to 
make ideas come to life with as minimal effort put into the implementation phase as 
possible.

That was a hard thing to do, but eventually I came to one of the biggest epiphanies of 
my life. I found that the best way I can streamline my implementation work is to 
delegate that work to a machine. When a machine carries the implementation work of 
someone, then a person can create something meaningful without having to spend much 
time implementing their ideas. It doesn't stop there though. Unlike humans, machines 
can implement an idea any number of times with minimal cost from anyone. That means 
everyone can benefit from one person's idea without any person spending time making 
that idea happen. Not only that, but machines can also expand the possibilities of 
meaningful things thereby allowing people to create more meaning projects. 

The machine I want to spend my working life on is the computer. The reason why the 
computer is such a wonderful machine they can re-implement any idea, expand the 
possibilities for meaningful projects, and minimize people's work perhaps more than 
any other machine has ever been able to. Another reason is because, unlike other 
machines, computers can actually help people think up ideas more efficiently. As 
Steve Jobs liked to say, "the computer is a bicycle for the our minds." An example 
of that could be a physicist trying to make a simulation. All he has to do is enter 
some thoughts in the form of numbers and the computer can then compile those 
thoughts into a cohesive idea, in the form of a simulation, literally thousands of 
times faster than the physicist could by himself. 

So, when it gets down to it, the reason why I want to and have been involved in 
computer technology is because I believe I can help people make their ideas more 
efficiently turned into something truly meaningful. Not just my own ideas, but 
everyone's ideas. 