As a high schooler, trying to set up my class schedule is frustrating. Every year, I have 
a list of four or five classes I really want to take. I reorganize my schedule again and 
again to try to coordinate online classes, UVU classes, and whatever else I can do to 
make sure I can take those classes. However, despite my best efforts, every year too 
many of my desired classes are in conflict, and that forces me to drop two or more of 
those classes. Every year, hundreds of Orem High students are forced into this same 
situation. This shouldn't have to be the case. 

Eventually, I found out why this happens. The answer is human imprecision in making the 
schedule. My school's principal, who's in charge of most of the class scheduling, truly 
does his best to create the best schedule he can. Given the size and the complexity of 
the project, I think he does a good job. Yet in order to make the perfect schedule where 
everyone can get the classes they want, he would have to perform algorithms dozens to 
hundreds of times on tens of thousands of data sets. Given all of his other 
responsibilities, it would take him more than the entire school year to work through 
that data, which would make the schedule overdue and therefore useless. Because of that, 
he has to generalize and make assumptions without performing calculations. That is 
understandable human imprecision. Yet, it being understandable does little in actually 
solving the problem. 

Since the root of this problem is human inaccuracy, the solution must be something that 
can overcome human inaccuracy: a computer.

When I started to become comfortable with my programming skills, I sent an email to my 
school's principal explaining my idea. He had me schedule an appointment and ultimately 
said he loved the idea and that it could be a "game changer."

Effectively, what I am doing is creating a way for any school to calculate the best 
possible schedule given whatever limitations they want to put in it (such as class sizes, 
number of teachers, and so on). I will offer the solution for free and over the course 
of a year it could potentially save each school dozens of hours of work. I believe that 
if my program is successful in my school, my program or a similar program will spread 
across the country, potentially saving hundreds of thousands of man hours and allowing 
potential millions of students to have more classes that they think can most benefit them. 
I am not finished with this project but I have made significant progress and expect to be 
done within a month.