	Over the years, I have developed a love for discipline and persistence. I believe this 
love started about the same time I started to get involved in a Korean martial art called 
Hapkido. Hapkido translates into "the way to coordinate energy." Every day, we would learn 
to focus our energy so that we could work hard and effectively for the duration of the 
hour-long class. The days we did this best were some of the most productive and happiest 
days of my life. 

	Later, I went on to join track and field. I was never a natural athlete. Every year, 
everyone with my quivalent ability would drop out in the first two months. Yet because of 
what I learned from Hapkido, I continued to show up even though I was the worst on the team. 
Eventually, I was able to decrease my mile time from nine minutes to less than ix minutes. I 
even became good enough to go to the state track meet. I did not win the race, but I was 
still able to push through the hardest, most intense minutes of my life. That then gave me 
the mental strength to push through many less intense but still important challenges.

	More recently, I have been able to put this new discipline to the test with computer 
programming. The hallenge of programming for me is that I have had to do everything by myself. 
Unlike track or Hapkido, no one tells me what to do, how to do it, or when to do it. This was
particularly hard because programming has so many difficult concepts that felt very foreign 
from everything else I had done. It felt like trying to understand math for the first time, 
except without a teacher or six years of guided education to learn the fundamentals.

	My first attempt to learn programming was with a textbook. Despite trying for nearly 
twenty hours, I could not even complete the exercises from the second chapter. My next attempt 
to learn was with YouTube lectures. Because I wanted to program with the lecture, each 
fifteen-minute video often took me over forty minutes to work through. However, after twenty 
hours, I still could not program anything unless someone told me how to do every single step. 

	However, I did not give up. Some time later, I found out that UVU would award college 
cedit to anyone who can pass a class final exams. I wanted that badly enough to push through 
any struggle. Through discipline and hard work, I not only tested out of one but two programming 
classes in a single month. After that, I knew I could teach myself any programming that I wanted 
and I’ve been refining my techniques ever since.